# OnlineBookStore
Our “Online Book Store” software is basically a web based application.  This software is designed for the book stores that wishes to go online. We want to develop this software to improve the efficiency of the customers and many other book enthusiasts and help many book store businesses increase their profit margin. Internet changed the way we read. It made accessing books easy by anyone from anywhere. Our main goal is to help writers get what they deserved. There are many online book stores out there in the internet like Amazon Kindle and countless other websites that offer pirated pdf versions of books that negatively affects much of the writers work. Piracy is illegal we should not encourage it and it gives a huge loss to the book publishers and writers, they worked soo hard to finish and publish the book and it is easily being pirated and released in online for free. They don’t deserve this. We want to support the writers and save their sensorship. To accomplish this we want to use some technologies from Blockchain mainly NFTs and smart contracts.
We want to connect the readers with writers and publishers efficiently. In our software, there are two interfaces for the users, One interface is for book publishers and the other is for customers. Every user should create an account. Our software assigns unique id for every user and publisher and stores the details automatically. User can search availability of Books and the details of a book using the Book Id or Book Name. User can login into our software using a username and password. After uploading the book by the publisher to our application we will convert that book into a Non Fungible token(NFTs) to avoid corruption and piracy. And then the smart contracts does it’s magic by automating the tasks, when a customer buys a book, the money is automatically distributed to the publisher,author and our developers according to the respective contract. 
The book publishers need to take a membership to upload and sell in our application. We are using a pre-paid model for membership and users can access our software freely. We have a free 1 month trail for upto 10 books, if the publisher is satisfied, he can continue using our software after the free trail ends. User can choose various payment methods and pay and we have a one click purchase option if the user is using our desired wallet.
Books purchased with user account are automatically added to the library and are ready to be read within seconds. User can also add e-books purchased or downloaded from another website such as Kindle, but the process requires a bit more work. There are thousands of classic books and other eligible titles in our library that users can read for free by adding them to their account.
Users can also rent the book for some time and return it whenever they finished, using smart contracts the payment is automatically managed according to the users rent time. Users can also give Feedback about the application. We think our software is more flexible and earns more money to the publishers comparing to other software
